Way tooooo much add, can't believe such a huge company has to go this way
Several tries before I could login using correct password. Then can't zoom to read small print and images, nor will it auto rotate for same. Waiting for updates. Will Uninstaller if not improved.
No matter what I do I can't get it
The ads happen wsy too frequently. The app stops working half of the time. I shouldn't have to put my password in EVERY TIME I try and log into the app. If I wanted to do that I would just use the mobile site. For a company that I'm paying a "franchise fee" each month on, you would think you could figure out a better app. Although I really don't think the ratings or the comments will make much of a difference to a company that has a monopoly over electricity for the entire state. You have no competition so I'm probably just wasting my time.
Great app, if and when it works!... I always have difficulty logging in.
Too easy. I love it!
So far no issues except for those adds. Other then that very easy to use.
Samsung Note 3.
IT won't allow me to log in.
Simple to use. Same as mobile site. In the keypad I'm suppose to enter amount I want to pay a dot option is missing so only can enter whole #. Even my bill amount is not whole #. No big deal since I can rounded up but would expect it there or bill me whole numbers.
This is a service we are already paying for, why are there ad pop ups? Also, you can't pinch zoom and the lettering is tiny. It functions much like an old webpage from 15 years ago. Doesn't remember passwords and you have to relogin for just about every new page. Fire your mobile web team and remove this bloatware "app" before someone damages their smartphone with malware ads. Running marshmallow 6.0.1 on a Nexus 6p.
While I was trying to rate it an add popped up and took me back to the home page when I canceled it. Was going to give a 3 but this is beyond annoying. Will go back to using my browser for FPL until they actually release an app.
Download this app and cant even get into it. It's a joke
Wouldn't log in, very glitchy, and had to many ads. Not a good app.
Ad took over the page whenever I tried to log in.
Bs
Very easy to use.  Practical and quick.  Totally recommend it! !
It doesn't even let me log in, and the ads keep popping up. Worst app I've ever tried out.
Don't working good disconet don't recognize the account pop up another application they need too do better job on this
We'll see....
Would not accept my password or user ID no many how many times I tried I even reset my password
This app love's ads. It even loves ads more than your log in credentials, because sometimes you can't log in even with your correct log in info. It also doesn't allow for scheduled payments. Just use their website which isn't much better.
Doesn't even allow me to log in, and the ads pop up at the most inopportune moments. Like while I'm typing this review. Bottom line, don't like it at all. Easier to just go to website and add homepage to my home screen.
Working perfectly...:-)
Will not let you login
Would not let me log in to current online account to so I attempted to recreate a new one in app.  Did not recognize my fpl acct # so attempted to use lookup feature and it froze there.  Very disappointing.
I'm unable to log in
Worst company i have ever dealt with.
Only just started using the app, but a freaking ad popped up while I was entering banking information for autopay. And RIGHT NOW as I'm typing this review, an ad took me out of the play store to the freaking ad. It's almost if they're toying with me. I was able to log in easily though.
Needs work goes to website that is not mobile friendly
It won't let me log in, almost thought something was wrong with me. Went right to website and logged in perfect. What's the point of an app if you can't even log in. My phone is 100 percent updated and fine.
Fix the frequency of the adds. It is annoying when you are trying to imputed info and the ads pop in. This prevents it from being a great app.
I think that this app is a scam keeps saying that I have entered the wrong info which I know it's correct
This app don't work. My phone is updated. It won't let me login. Rather just go to actual website.
Very usefull
Works fine except for ads
It's hard to log in and pay my bill when adds keep popping up.  This app should make it more convenient to pay, but instead I'm motivated to spend .49 to mail it.
The app does need work, the energy dashboard is completely not mobile friendly.
Are there really ads on an app I use to pay my electric bill? That's laughable, uninstalled.
Keeps telling me wrong username, but i go to main site and logs me right in so im using the correct username.
Problems signing in...not user friendly.
Can't verify any of the information that I've been using for 26 years
Doesn't sign in at all
Doesn't work - can't login.  Just keeps looping back to login page. What kind of crap app is this? Already crashed too. So annoying. Update: UNINSTALLING. Worthless...
works fine.keep android system webview up to date for better performance.
...it doesn't do anything at all, it only says "downloading", that's it...
Easy to use
I touched start app and it just said loading. It doesn't do anything else.
Fpl not helpful
time saving apps
